capital = 1818
primary_culture = baguirmi
culture = sara
religion = sunni
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 0.0
nationalvalue = nv_tradition
literacy = 0.002
civilized = no

# Political reforms
slavery = yes_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = landed_voting
public_meetings = no_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = harassment
minorities_reform = oppression
immigration_policy = nobody_gets_out
conscription = mandatory_service

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions
land_property = landed_estates
child_labor = child_labor_legal
arts_endowment = no_endowment
education = elite

ruling_party = WAD_conservative
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 3
	conservative = 64
	reactionary = 33
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

set_country_flag = existing_country

army_command_principle = 1
diplomatic_reform = interactive

# Technologies
flintlock_rifles = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
